# ChaiOneUI #

This project houses some shared components that we find useful when building iOS applications at ChaiONE.  Currently, there's not much here as we're busy extracting things we find useful from our applications.

## Getting the code ##

Just add it as a submodule to your project.  We generally place these in a sister folder called lib.

```
git submodule add https://github.com/chaione/ChaiOneUI.git lib/ChaiOneUI
```

The project has its own submodule, so you'll need to `cd` into the directory and run:

```
git submodule update --init
```

## SDK Version ##

This project is meant for iOS 4.0+ only.

## Sample Apps ##

Sample applications are provided to show usage.  Look in the Sample Apps folder.  

## Contributing ##

Fork the project, make your changes.  Send a pull request.  Please make sure to utilize the standard coding conventions that are in place (same as Apple's sample code).  Please provide a section in a Sample application to show how new components can be used.


## LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011 ChaiONE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

